What are you going to put a QR code on the show to do research for Zhou Yanjing's project?
No, I definitely disagree.
Director, don't worry.
We will not involve the privacy information of any guests.
It's not a privacy issue.
Xiao Xu, your entire show is sponsored by Zhao Yan'an
If you want to promote it, you should also help the whole royal family to promote it.
How could you possibly get involved with Zhou Yanjing, the person who was kicked out of the circle?
Name Director Jean
His project is really good
Xiao Xu, I heard that Zhou's eyes almost got beaten up some time ago
You'd better not get involved in this muddy water
Director, he is in the early stage of his business
It's hard to move without data
If you don't agree
Then I can only suspend the show to help him tune in
Teacher, now is your golden rise period
You are telling me now that you are leaving your job.
Student, you will regret it
Did you find your people?
Without the Zhou family's bodyguards, anyone can really give you two or three
I came to me, it shouldn't be for cancellation.
Someone said at this time?
Take the data you want
If it's not enough, ask me to get it.
Finally got some work done
Thanks for your help
I don't want to help you.
I can't bear to see that I have to give up my great future
Going door to door doing hot spring surveys for you
If you don't feel bad, I still feel bad
Since you resigned for me
Yeah, good job, quit
If you have collected enough data, please contact me again.
When you fail, remember to return Xu shi to me as a stinky sister
Xu is medicine
I won't let you down